Adds unix_time() (#323)
gnembon/fabric-carpet: docs/scarpet/api/Auxiliary.md

Returns dimension-specific tick counter.

### `unix_time()`

> Returns system time as a number of milliseconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns standard POSIX time as a number of milliseconds since the start of the epoch (1 Jan 1970)
```

Returns dimension-specific tick counter.

> ### `unix_time()`

Reviewer: likewise - shoudn't be in the API part of the documentation as well.
